Doc: Add documentation for TypeInquiry node (#3433)
lfortran/lfortran: doc/src/asr/asr_nodes/expression_nodes/TypeInquiry.md

# TypeInquiry

An **expr** node, which is used to represent the `Inquiry` intrinsic function
whose value is computed based on the argument type.

## Declaration

### Syntax

```fortran
TypeInquiry(int inquiry_id, ttype arg_type, expr? arg, ttype type, expr value)
```

### Arguments

| Argument Name | Argument Description |
|---------------|----------------------|
| `inquiry_id`  | Function unique ID   |
| `arg_type`    | argument type        |
| `arg`         | argument passed      |
| `type`        | output type          |
| `value`       | compile time value   |

### Return value

The return value is the expression that the TypeInquiry represents.

## Description

> **TypeInquiry** is used to represent the `Inquiry` function. This node accepts
> exactly one argument. `arg` is an optional expression that is only used by
> LFortran, but in LPython (for NumPy), it would be a `nullptr`. As this node is
> type-dependent we store the argument type as `arg_type` and compute the
> resultant output during compile time. The value of this node must be computed
> during the compile time.

Reviewer: Let's explain it like this:
```suggestion
**TypeInquiry** is used to represent the `Inquiry` function. This node accepts
exactly one `ttype` as it's only argument (`arg_type`), and it returns a value depending on `inquiry_id` of `ttype` `type`. Since the type `arg_type` is known at compile time, also the compile time value is always present in `value`. There is an optional argument `arg` that specifies the variable used in the frontend language (used in LFortran, but not present in LPython/NumPy).
```

And let's also add here a list of `inquiry_id` that we support so far, and a brief (one line) explanation.

Author: Yea, sure.

## Types

The `arg_type` and `type` vary for each inquiry_id signature. The output is
either the default integer or the same as the argument type.

## Examples

The following example code creates `TypeInquiry` ASR node:

```fortran
print *, tiny(5.0)
```

ASR:

```clojure
(Print
    [(TypeInquiry
        Tiny
        (RealConstant
            5.000000
            (Real 4)

>         )

Reviewer: I think these do not correspond to the definition. The first one has to be a type, but rather is an expr.

Author: I'm sorry, my bad. I think it's the output of old build, I will update it.

Author: Done!
